1. What are some of the key design philosophies of the Linux operating system?
  - Linux was written to be a free and open source version of UNIX. It was designed so that files are stored in a  hierarchical filesystem (like your own computer) with the top of the system being 'root'. It was designed for people who 'know what they're doing' with computers. Because it's free and open, it wants all developers to be able to use it with ease.

2. What is a VPS (virtual private server)? What, according to your research, are the advantages of using a VPS?
  - A VPS is a server that you are able to build on your own via an internet hosting service (which allows people to serve content to the internet). When you have a copy of an operating system, you are able to download all types of software that runs on the operating system . Some advantages of usig a VPS would be that if you screw something up, you can easily destroy that server and create a new one. It is also very inexpensive to create as opposed to a physical server. It also takes no time at all! (just depending on how 'nice' you want to make your VPS).

3. Why is it considered a bad idea to run programs as the root user on a Linux system?
 - Root is considered a 'special user' and if you are planning on keeping the VPS up for a while, it's best to create a new user for security reasons. When you are logged in as 'root' you can literally do anything and the system won't ask. All of your applications are open to the world of viruses, stupidity on your part and security breaches.